[grunting]
There's someone else here.
[gasps]
Now that I've incapacitated
those other two...
you shall be the next to
experience my nightmare.
Nehalennia?!
[gasps]
(Usagi) "For Love: The Endless
Battle in the Dark World."
[gasps]
[wincing in pain] Hot!
We've gotta do something!
(Sailor Neptune) Deep Submerge!
[gasps]
Hm!
Huh?
[gasps]
You'll have to try a lot harder
than that. We won't be fooled by
such a cheap illusion. Right?
[caught off guard]
Uh, Nope! You can't fool the
two of us! [embarrassed giggle]
[fake, overconfident laughter]
[annoyed grunt]
Who am I kidding? My spiritual
power is nothing compared to
hers.
If anything, it has to be the
huge difference in our
experience.
(Sailor Neptune) I mean, I have
done this more than you after
all.
[surprised, freaked out]
Nobody told me that you were
able to read minds, too!
You said all of that out loud.
Were you not aware?
Uh, yeah I knew that?
Hmph. Fine, then. Try this.
Hah!
[gasps]
What?!
[evil chuckle]
[gasps] Where'd she go?!
[gasps]
[grunting]
Neptune!
Mars! Flame...!
[grunting]
[gasps]
[laughing]
[grunting]
You won't shoot? Then I will.
[grunts]
[grunting]
[screams]
I can't! If I shoot, I'll hit
Neptune!
Ahh! [grunts]
[pained scream]
[grunts]
[sighs]
[grunting]
You have to shoot! Have you
forgotten the mission we were
destined to fulfill?
No, but...
We are Sailor Guardians and we
have vowed to give our lives to
protect our Princess.
[gasp of realization]
(Sailor Mars) Usagi...
(Sailor Neptune) Even if I die
here, you will continue on!
You'll be the one to protect the
Princess! Please Mars!
Silence!
[pained scream]
[concerned gasp]
[conflicted gasping]
[screams]
[heavy breathing]
I can't keep being indecisive
about this! I am Sailor Mars,
the Guardian of Fire!
It's my duty to protect her!
Uh?
[struggling to stand up]
Mars!
Flame!
Oh? So you would truly shoot
your friend all for the chance
to get to me?
[grunting] Go ahead. I'm ready.
[gasps]
Sniper!
[pained scream]
[gasping]
[gasps] I did it!
That was magnificent, Sailor
Mars!
Your senses are very finely
tuned. [stumbles] You are a
true Sailor Guardian.
[grunts]
[collapsing grunt]
(Nehalennia) Foolish Sailor
Guardians.
If only you could understand
that it's futile for you to
struggle within my nightmare.
[labored breathing]
[grunting]
[sighs] Ma...mo...
[struggling to get up]
Aw, poor Princess of the White
Moon.
Look there. Your beloved is
coming all the way here to try
to rescue you.
(Nehalennia) Such bitter cold.
Your body and mind must be
freezing!
If it's too much for you to
bear, you can just give up.
See?
Huh?
[gasps]
[sighing in disbelief]
[heavy breathing]
[surprised]
[giggling]
This way!
[heavy breathing]
[giggling]
[screams] Ow...
They've got us surrounded. Which
way is out?
[gasps] Look, Venus!
Huh?
Whoa!
[giggling]
I'll keep them distracted
here. You go on ahead!
Wait, you mean?
[hesitant]
(Mirror Paredri)
Hehehehehehe!
You want me to cross this
bridge?
Once you make it across, I
want you to cut the bridge,
even if I haven't made it.
Wait, what?!
Right now, there's only one
person capable of leading us.
And that person is you. So,
just leave the fighting to
me.
Uh-huh.
If we both fall to the enemy
here, then who will be there
to help save the Princess?
[gasps]
M-hm.
Hmm.
[swinging attack]
Hehehe! [attacking grunt]
[grunts]
Hehehe!
What're you waiting for, Venus?!
[grunts]
You must hurry!
[heavy breathing] Right!
[scared breathing]
Mamo, where are you? Mamo?
(Dandelion) You looking for
somebody?
Huh?
(Dandelion) Hello? Right below
you!
(Dandelion) I said...
Are you looking for somebody,
Miss?
It's talking!
Well, that's rude. You gonna
stand there and state the
obvious or answer my question?
Uhh.
I'm looking for someone
important to me. Has anyone
passed through here?
Forget about them. [chuckles]
The only person you should care
about is yourself.
Why do you have to be the one to
do all the searching? Have that
person come meet you instead!
Yeah, that's right!
He can't though!
Mamo was put under Nehalennia's
curse, and it has him trapped in
her nightmare!
Nehalennia put a curse on him?!
[frightened reactions] So scary!
Wait, you guys know Nehalennia?
Nope, never heard of her.
But, you just said you were
scared.
It's curses that we're scared
of!
All of this sounds so dangerous.
You should really stop looking
before you get trampled on.
No I have to go.
(Lily) Huh? Go where?
[groans] I told you!
[gasps] I have...
...to go...
...and save him...
Save him? Who?
He's someone I...! I can't...
Do you even know where this
person is?
Yeah, where are you going?
I don't know!
(Lily) See? You can't even
remember now.
(Dandelion) It's okay. You can
stay with us.
(Tulip) It's gonna be great!
You'll have so much fun here!
(Violet) We'll make sure you
forget all about your troubles.
[eerie laughing]
[speechless]
[nervous breathing]
[screams]
[straining]
[sighs]
(Mirror Paredri) Hehehehe!
Dead Scream.
[death scream]
Hehehehe!
[gasps]
(Setsuna) You're the only one
who's capable of leading us,
Sailor Venus.
That's right, it's up to me.
[grunts]
[gasps]
Hehehehe!
[pained grunt]
[gasps]
(Mirror Paredri)
Hehehehe!
[running]
Venus!
Love and Beauty Shock!
[death scream]
What are you doing?
Pluto! Come on! [grunts]
[panting]
Hehehehe!
[screams]
(Sailor Venus) Venus Love Me
Chain!
[screams]
[catching breath]
[grunting]
[awkward laugh] See?
Everything turned out fine!
Why would you do something so
reckless?
I don't have it in me to run
away and leave a friend behind.
This is an order from your
leader!
The two of us are gonna
work together to get our
Princess back, you got it?
Hmm.
Oh! [chuckles]
[laughing]
(Nehalennia) [evil laugh]
[gasps]
[evil laugh]
[screams]
Hehehehe!
(Nehalennia) Hmm, not even the
Princess of the White Moon is
able to overcome my nightmare.
Oh I won't let you off easily.
I'm going to torture you until
you take your last breath.
I plan on showing you the full
extent of how horrible the
humiliation I felt was.
[inhales]
[attacking scream]
What?!
[grunting]
Struggle all you want. I won't
let you lay a finger on her.
Why You little!
[grunting]
[screams]
Hmph!
Usagi, wake up!
Snap out of it! We've gotta get
out of here!
[sighing blankly]
(Nehalennia) You're wasting your
time. That girl will never wake
up from her dream again.
[grunts] Return her to normal!
Right now!
You have had nightmares
before, haven't you?
What?
Usually one would wake up on
their own if they were having a
bad dream.
Yet, she remained asleep, even
after you called to her.
So, I'd say she doesn't plan on
leaving her sweet dream any time
soon.
[gasps]
(Nehalennia) She's given up
everything.
It seems she would much rather
immerse herself in this fantasy
world.
[laughing]
[grunts] That's a lie!
You're the one that's keeping
Usagi trapped inside of this
endless nightmare!
Hmph.
[grunts]
[charging attack]
[sighs/grunts]
[evil laughing]
Would you like me to imprison
you inside your own sweet dream?
[grunts] Shut up!
Jupiter!
Oak Evolution!
[gasps]
This is my Palace of Nightmares.
The Kingdom of Darkness I
previously ruled as Queen!
Haven't you heard of me?
Using the control I had over the
Darkness, I ruled this kingdom
long ago.
So this place is your home,
then?
I tried to take the world of
light...
but the Queen of the White Moon
subdued me and sealed me away.
However, within the Darkness, I
am invincible!
[screams]
[groaning]
The light of the White Moon is
incapable of reaching this
Darkness.
Even if all the Sailor Guardians
were to face me at once...
you would never be able to
defeat me here.
(Nehalennia) Now, to finally
extinguish the light of the
White Moon from her!
[gasps]
[smirks]
No, don't!
Hah!
[grunting]
[groans]
How foolish. Are you really
going to die for her?
Hm?
Is she even someone worth
protecting at this point?
She's lost in a dream and has
forgotten everything, including
who you are.
You don't get it, huh?
Usagi may be a bit clumsy and a
crybaby at times...
But she always manages to
brighten up lives of everyone
she meets.
Just like the gentle
light of the Moon.
(Sailor Jupiter) On top of all
of that...
She never hesitates to help
others, even if it means
sacrificing herself to do so!
That's the kind of person she
is.
Usagi is someone each of us
loves with all our hearts!
Nehalennia, haven't you ever
had a friend like that before?
Uh! [seething]
Silence!
[grunts]
[screams]
How dare you speak to me like
that!
[screaming]
[attacking grunts]
[panting]
[groaning]
A friend? What nonsense. I have
no need for something so
useless!
But since you feel so strongly,
let me seal you away with your
precious friends.
Wake up, Usagi.
You have to.
A rose.
It's so pretty.
[sighs]
I remember!
What?!
Nehalennia!
I never thought that you'd
awaken from my nightmare.
But can you make it to my
palace?
Will you be able to save your
beloved Prince before it's too
late?
[determined grunt]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[evil laugh]
[grunting in pain]
Mamo, please, wait for me!
[grunting]
Just how stupid can that girl
be?
I hope you die a gruesome death,
being completely ripped apart by
those thorns.
I'm looking forward to feasting
my eyes on all the blood that's
sure to flow out of you.
(Chibi Moon) That's enough!
Huh?
[gasps] It's you two!
Your actions are unforgivable!
How dare you torture two people
in love by tearing them apart!
[grunts]
Nehalennia! We're not leaving
until you release the Prince and
Princess!
[grunts]
(Chibi-Usa) What should I do,
Usagi?
Unless Mamo wakes up from
Nehalennia's nightmare I'm
going to vanish from this world!
(Usagi) Chibi-Usa!
(Chibi-Usa) I can't feel my
body.
(Usagi) Hang in there! We're not
in this alone.
If we put all our powers
together, I know we can
do this!
Next time on Sailor Stars,
"Moon Power of Love: The
Nightmare Ends."
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.